I'm scared...
Scared of digging down deep into my mind.
I don't see any outright flaws in your art.
But, well... how do I put it?
You need to dig down deeper as you draw.
Your work's too restrained.
It doesn't reflect who you are.
You're 29 years old, right?
I'm not sure you'd be a good fit for us.
The 2006 World Cup in Germany
is now just 26 days away...
Every day, the words "If only I'd done
things differently" go through my mind.
Never with a sense of genuine regret, though.
It's just an excuse that comes and goes.
I'm scared of digging down deep into my mind.
I'm going on a delivery run.
Okay. Take care.
I'm heading out, too.
Oh, Fujinuma-san.
Don't eat the pizza on the way there, okay?
I don't get it.
Is that a joke only millennials would get?
Wasn't planning on it.
She says the same thing
every time we run into each other.
In fact, it's the only thing
she's ever said to me.
She doesn't seem to have
any feelings for me, either.
What a strange girl.
Not that I'm interested in kids.
There's no doubt about it.
It happened again.
Where is it?
Something must be wrong.
Hey, you in the truck! Pull over!
Hey, driver!
Fujinuma-san?
What is he doing?
Damn it, I knew I shouldn't
have gotten involved.
But...
Are you okay?
That was close!
What the hell is this?
Oh, I guess it's my life
flashing before my eyes.
See? Nothing good comes out of
getting involved with others.
Well, it doesn't really matter if I die.
Huh?
His eyes are open.
Good morning, Fujinuma-san.
It's been two days.
Katagiri-kun?
Do you remember who you are
and why you're here?
Fujinuma Satoru, 29 years old.
I was chasing a truck and got in an accident.
Thank goodness!
It's a miracle you hardly suffered any injuries.
Is there anyone you want me to contact?
A friend, or maybe a girlfriend?
No, thanks.
There's nobody I want to bother telling.
Snip, snip.
What is that, a joke only millennials would get?
It's like you're covered
with a thin membrane.
You don't seem like the type
to open up to others.
You never smile, either.
But I'm impressed.
Why's that?
You saved a kid, didn't you?
I was there when it happened.
Apparently, the truck driver died
of a heart attack at the wheel.
I'm amazed you noticed.
I just got lucky.
After you got hit,
the truck crashed into a warehouse.
You and the truck driver
were the only casualties.
Casualties...
Don't worry,
I told the manager the whole story.
He said not to worry about the bike or
the car you hit and to just come back to work.
Thanks.
You smiled for a second there!
Hey, Katagiri-kun...
Why do you work?
Wow, you're digging surprisingly deep.
Am I?
Yeah. Nobody's ever asked me that before.
I have a dream.
Oh, okay.
That's it?
Don't you ever have second thoughts
about telling people your dream?
What if it doesn't come true?
I wouldn't be embarrassed to talk about it.
I feel like if you say something
out loud, it'll eventually come true.
For some reason,
those words feel very nostalgic.
It's not like I'd tell you anyway, though.
We're not that close.
Well, then. I'm gonna call the nurse and head home.
Bye-bye!
What a strange girl.
I call the phenomenon "Revival."
I know it'll only cause me trouble, but I still get involved.
I go back in time by about one to five minutes
and watch the same scene play out again.
It's always right before
something bad happens.
It's almost like someone's forcing me to prevent it.
I find myself trying to figure out what's wrong.
As a result, I've prevented
several accidents from occurring.
Most of the time, a negative outcome just turns into a neutral one.
But sometimes, like in this case,
it turns the negative onto me.
Oh, welcome back, Satoru.
Ma.
I went to check on you at the hospital,
but you were out cold.
That wasn't much fun, so I came here.
Your head okay?
Yeah, all good.
I nearly had a heart attack when
I heard it was a head-on collision.
I'm gonna stay here a while.
What? Why?
My precious baby boy,
my only son, hit his head.
Least I can do is watch over him.
I'm telling you, I'm fine.
I only have one bed, anyway.
That sleeping bag I saw
in your closet will do.
Get a hotel room.
And waste my money?
Oh, I'll pay you back for the hospital bills.
Keep it as my share of the rent.
She hasn't changed one bit.
Even I can't believe she's 52, and I'm her son.
Satoru, can I take a direct
train to Ueno from here?
So you aren't here just to look after me after all.
Well, I did come all the way here from Hokkaido.
I'd get bored just looking at your mug every day.
You haven't even looked at it for a day yet.
Well, let's eat.
Sorry about hogging the bed and the TV.
No worries.
What bothers me more is having to be careful
when I go to the bathroom at night.
By the way, no need to be careful
when you go to the bathroom at night.
I won't wake up that easily.
She's a demon.
In other news today,
the first-grader who was reported
missing yesterday evening in Saitama
was found safe this morning in Yokohama.
Say, Satoru. Do you remember?
She was taken to the hospital
but did not have any injuries.
Remember what?
What happened in our neighborhood
when you were in fifth grade.
The Ina Police Station has reported
that an unemployed man
Guess your memory of it is hazy.
from Nishi-ku, Yokohama
was with the girl at the scene.
He has been arrested on suspicion
of abducting a minor.
We were desperate.
We tried to erase as much of that incident
from your memories as possible.
Your life was in danger.
When I was in fifth grade...
Kidnapping?
Two of my classmates died.
When I was a kid, there was this guy
we called "Yuuki-san," who was around 20 years old,
who often played with me.
His name wasn't really Yuuki.
We just called him that because
he always talked about "yuuki," or courage.
L-Let me guess what
the popular guy in your c-class is like.
He's a cheerful guy who's good at sports.
He speaks his mind,
and while he messes around a lot,
he has one thing
he's extremely serious about.
Wow.
That's what most popular guys are like.
Wh-Why don't you try being like him?
Even in just one or two ways.
Don't be embarrassed.
Show some courage.
Six months after the incident,
Shiratori Jun was arrested as
a serial kidnapper and murderer.
It was Yuuki-san.
Don't you think you bought a bit too much?
What, too heavy for you?
Well, people can live on curry for days.
Oh, dear.
This is why I told you not to run.
Let's go back and buy another cone, okay?
Satoru, what's wrong?
Nothing.
What, too heavy for you?
Well, people can live on curry for days.
Another Revival?
Oh, dear.
This is why I told you not to run.
Let's go back and buy another cone, okay?
Crap, I have no idea what it is.
What is it? What's going to happen?
Ma, could you take a look around for me?
Does anything seem off to you?
What're you talking about?
I remember you being like this a long time ago.
Really?
I think it was about a small fire back then.
Was he just looking at me?
Nothing happened?
Fujinuma-san!
Hey!
What? No way! That's your mom?!
I could've sworn she was your sister!
Do you believe in demons?
As of today, I do.
Wait, did you have a fight?
Nah.
Airi-san, was it?
Care to join us for dinner?
I'm making curry.
I'm Katagiri Airi!
I gladly accept your offer!
I'll help you make it, too!
Seriously?
I'm starving!
Huh? You draw manga?
Come as a surprise?
No, not at all.
Wow, it's true. You're on Wikitannica.
Quit looking me up.
Why? You're awesome.
Come, let's eat.
It bothers me because I'm not awesome.
Bon appétit!
This is amazing!
Thanks.
I thought you were a bit young to be
his girlfriend, but I guess I got it wrong.
You're such a good cook, too.
Sorry, it's different.
Fujinuma-san's more like...
a friend I respect.
What, too spicy for you?
Nah, it's great.
Thanks for the food!
I'll take you to the station.
You're leaving already?
You could just stay the night.
Katagiri-kun's a highschooler, you know.
Thanks for having me over for dinner, Satoru-san.
No problem.
Just keep an eye out for cops.
Sure.
Welcome back.
She's my co-worker.
Stop making her out to be
a prospective daughter-in-law!
You're so dense.
You've got a chance with her.
She said she respects you.
I'm telling you, it's not like that!
She was just being polite!
Don't take it so seriously!
That Airi-chan girl wouldn't
act polite for the sake of it.
Oh, right.
Your landlady came by for the rent earlier.
I see.
Satoru, about what happened this afternoon...
At the supermarket parking lot.
Oh. What about it?
A kidnapping attempt was foiled.
What'd you just say?
I'm kidding, obviously.
She was one of my classmates
who was kidnapped and killed.
Hinazuki Kayo.
I always saw her alone at the park.
We weren't really friends, though.
That was the last I ever saw of Hinazuki.
I could've saved her!
If I'd asked her to walk home with me,
Hinazuki would still be...
That was what I wanted to forget the most.
And probably what my mother
actually tried to make me forget.
You need to dig down deeper as you draw.
Your work's too restrained.
It doesn't reflect who you are.
The license plate indicated it was a rental car.
It was definitely a kidnapping attempt.
Did he give up because he saw me?
He hid his face when our eyes met.
He knew who I was.
I'm sure I know a man with those eyes.
It's on the tip of my tongue.
When and where have I met him?
I remember!
I remember the man with those eyes.
Maybe Shiratori-kun wasn't actually the culprit.
Hello?
It's been a while.
It's Fujinuma Sachiko.
The statute of limitations has passed
on the case from 18 years ago.
But he's surely committed several crimes
with the same MO since then.
That case isn't closed yet.
I've gotta talk to Satoru.
It's time to tell him about what happened.
Satoru?
I knew it.
I have to call Satoru.
I have to tell him not to come home.
I have to apologize.
I could've saved her!
There's no way it was Yuuki-san!
It couldn't have been him, Mom!
I should've listened to him then.
Even if the police didn't...
I, of all people...
should've believed him.
Satoru...
I'm so sorry.
I'm heading home.
Good night!
Yeah, good night.
Hey, Satoru-san.
Let me guess what you had for breakfast.
Curry.
Bingo.
Yes!
Is it any surprise given how much she made?
Hey, ask her if I can put in a request.
Her curry is really delicious!
All right, all right.
Later.
Sheesh.
Gimme a break...
What's wrong with you, Ma?
This isn't Hokkaido!
Lock the damn door, at least.
Hey...
Answer me.
You kidding me, right? Cut it out.
Get up, Ma!
Fujinuma-san, your mother shared
some of her curry with me last night...
Wait!
Fujinuma-san had blood on his hands.
Are you Fujinuma Satoru-san?
I need to take you down to the station.
What the hell is going on?
Wrong. You're wrong.
I didn't do it.
I didn't do it!
Hey, wait!
Did I...
have another Revival?
Where am I, though?
I know I've seen it before.
But somehow...
Yo, Satoru! You're gonna be late!
Huh? Who's that again?
A backpack?